I don't know who you are.
But here I am.
Give me back Jon and the baby
Please
Long time no see!
Aunt Rong Paper
It's really you?
Ha ha.
I didn't expect you to call me aunt now
Why did you do it?
Go back and ask your father and grandfather.
Why are they all Rong family?
They were so cruel to me
Just because I dislike being a daughter
I was thrown abroad as soon as I was born
And my husband who chased after me
They drove them to death.
You know how much I envy you
How jealous are you?
up
Why are the grudges of your life squeezing on me?
And Joanne
He's not a farmer at all
He is innocent.
He's not innocent at all
He gave birth to the orthodox Rong family bloodline for you
The day my husband left
I vowed to separate from the Rong family
So I support the second child
I want him to replace you
I didn't expect him to be so disappointing
Also in love with this woman
You do it now
I never thought about what happened after that